Add documentations for SkyWalking integration and task (#11683)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/tasks/observability/distributed-tracing/skywalking/index.md

---
title: Apache SkyWalking
description: Learn how to configure the proxies to send tracing requests to Apache SkyWalking.
weight: 10
keywords: [telemetry,tracing,skywalking,span,port-forwarding]
aliases:

>     - /docs/tasks/skywalking-tracing.html

Reviewer: I'm not sure why this alias is here. Usually only needed when changing the location of a document.

Author: Removed

> aliases:
>     - /docs/tasks/skywalking-tracing.html

Author: ```suggestion
```

owner: istio/wg-policies-and-telemetry-maintainers
test: yes
---

> After completing this task, you understand how to have your application participate in tracing with [Apache SkyWalking](https://skywalking.apache.org),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After completing this task, you will understand how to have your application participate in tracing with [Apache SkyWalking](https://skywalking.apache.org),
```

> regardless of the language, framework, or platform you use to build your application.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
regardless of the language, framework, or platform you use to build it.
```

This task uses the [Bookinfo](/docs/examples/bookinfo/) sample as the example application.

To learn how Istio handles tracing, visit this task's [overview](../overview/).

## Configure tracing

If you used an `IstioOperator` CR to install Istio, add the following field to your configuration:

{{< text yaml >}}
apiVersion: install.istio.io/v1alpha1
kind: IstioOperator
spec:
  meshConfig:
    defaultProviders:
      tracing:
      - "skywalking"
    enableTracing: true
    extensionProviders:
    - name: "skywalking"
      skywalking:
        service: tracing.istio-system.svc.cluster.local
        port: 11800
{{< /text >}}

> With this configuration Istio is installed with SkyWalking Agent as the default tracer. Trace data will be sent to an SkyWalking backend.

Reviewer: c/an/a/

> With this configuration Istio is installed with SkyWalking Agent as the default tracer. Trace data will be sent to an SkyWalking backend.

Reviewer 3: With this configuration, Istio

> With this configuration, Istio is installed with SkyWalking Agent as the default tracer. Trace data will be sent to a SkyWalking backend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this configuration, Istio is installed with a SkyWalking Agent as the default tracer. Trace data will be sent to a SkyWalking backend.
```

> In the default profile the sampling rate is 1%. Increase it to 100% using the [Telemetry API](/docs/tasks/observability/telemetry/):

Reviewer 3: In the default profile, the sampling rate is 1%.

{{< text bash >}}
$ kubectl apply -f - <<EOF
apiVersion: telemetry.istio.io/v1alpha1
kind: Telemetry
metadata:
  name: mesh-default
  namespace: istio-system
spec:
  tracing:
  - randomSamplingPercentage: 100.00
EOF
{{< /text >}}

> ## Deploy SkyWalking Collector

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Deploy the SkyWalking Collector
```

Follow the [SkyWalking installation](/docs/ops/integrations/skywalking/#installation) documentation to deploy SkyWalking into your cluster.

> ## Deploy Bookinfo Application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Deploy the Bookinfo Application
```

Deploy the [Bookinfo](/docs/examples/bookinfo/#deploying-the-application) sample application.

## Accessing the dashboard

[Remotely Accessing Telemetry Addons](/docs/tasks/observability/gateways) details how to configure access to the Istio addons through a gateway.

For testing (and temporary access), you may also use port-forwarding. Use the following, assuming you've deployed SkyWalking to the `istio-system` namespace:

{{< text bash >}}
$ istioctl dashboard skywalking
{{< /text >}}

## Generating traces using the Bookinfo sample

1.  When the Bookinfo application is up and running, access `http://$GATEWAY_URL/productpage` one or more times
    to generate trace information.

    {{< boilerplate trace-generation >}}

1.  From the "General Service" panel, you can see the service list.

    {{< image link="./istio-service-list-skywalking.png" caption="Service List" >}}

> 1.  Select `Trace` tab in the main content, you can see the trace list in the left sidebar and the trace details in the right panel:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Select the `Trace` tab in the main content, You can see the trace list in the left sidebar and the trace details in the right panel:
```

    {{< image link="./istio-tracing-list-skywalking.png" caption="Trace View" >}}

1.  The trace is comprised of a set of spans,
    where each span corresponds to a Bookinfo service, invoked during the execution of a `/productpage` request, or
    internal Istio component, for example: `istio-ingressgateway`.

## Explore SkyWalking's official demo application

In this tutorial, we use the [Bookinfo](/docs/examples/bookinfo/#deploying-the-application) sample application, in this sample application
there is no SkyWalking agent installed to the services, all the traces are generated by the sidecar proxies.

> If you want to explore more about [SkyWalking's language agents](https://skywalking.apache.org/docs/#Agent), SkyWalking team also provides

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to explore more about [SkyWalking's language agents](https://skywalking.apache.org/docs/#Agent), the SkyWalking team also provides
```

> a demo application that has integrated with the language agents and you can have more detailed traces as well as other language agent specific

Reviewer 4: can you update the demo application link?

Author: Thanks, done

> [a demo application](http://github.com/apache/skywalking-showcase) that has integrated with the language agents and you can have more detailed traces as well as other language agent specific

Reviewer 3: that is integrated with the

---
title: Apache SkyWalking
description: Learn how to configure the proxies to send tracing requests to Apache SkyWalking.
weight: 10
keywords: [telemetry,tracing,skywalking,span,port-forwarding]
aliases:
    - /docs/tasks/skywalking-tracing.html
owner: istio/wg-policies-and-telemetry-maintainers

> test: yes

Reviewer 4: did not see any test scripts?
